== 1.1.8 2010-16-05

* Set KEEPALIVE on connection socket options
* Attempt to support JRuby more robustly (poll remains broken)
* Switch to ruby supplied IO#ready?
* Test enhancements for suppress_content_length header
* Miscellaneous small documentation updates
* Add parse_timeout parameter for use with hashed logins 
* Allow connection to hosts with a - (dash) in the host name
* Add limit parameter to thread joins

== 1.1.7 2010-09-01

* Binary parse of raw STOMP frame
* Fix broken tests on Ruby 1.9.2

== 1.1.6 2010-10-06

* Fixed multi-thread app hanging

== 1.1.5 2010-17-03

* Added publish method (send is now deprecated)
* Changes on Rake File
* Added original_destination header to unreceive
* suppress content length header is send on the message for future handling (like unreceive)

== 1.1.4 2010-21-01

* Added unreceive message method that sends the message back to its queue or to the 
  dead letter queue, depending on the :max_redeliveries option, similar to a13m one.
* Added environment variable option for running 'rake test' on any stomp server, using any port with any user.
* Added suppress_content_length header option for ActiveMQ knowing it is a text message (see: 
  http://juretta.com/log/2009/05/24/activemq-jms-stomp/)
* Fixed some bugs with Ruby 1.9 (concatenate string + exception)
* Major changes on message parsing feature
* Fixed bug with old socket not being closed when using failover
* Fixed broken poll method on Connection
* Fixed broken close method on Client
* Added connection_frame accessor
* Added disconnect receipt

== 1.1.3 2009-24-11

* Failover support
* SSL support
* Stomp::Connection and Stomp::Client accept a hash on their constructor

== 1.1 2009-27-02

* Ruby 1.9 Support
* Add support for connect_headers, to control the CONNECT command.
* Refactored lib dir to separate concerns.
* Better test coverage
* General code cleanup. 

== 1.0.6 2008-05-08

* Whitespace cleanup
* Refactored Rakefile and added stomp.gemspec for GitHub friendliness.
* Added .gitignore file
* Refactored layout of lib dir to separate concerns
* Cleanup of initializers, and provide Client accessors for reading values (for testing)
* Removed test/test_url_* files as they only differed from the test_client.rb in their
  setup.  Super UnDry.  Added URL tests to cover stomp URL as param.
* Created initial RSpec specs which stub/mock objects and should not require a running
  Stomp server instance.

== v1.0.5

SVN rev 86 clone from http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk

git-svn-id: http://svn.codehaus.org/stomp/ruby/trunk@86 fd4e7336-3dff-0310-b68a-b6615a75f13b
